---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "boundary_roles Data Source - terraform-provider-boundary"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Lists roles
---

# boundary_roles (Data Source)

Lists roles

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Retrieve Roles
data "boundary_roles" "example" {
	scope_id = "id"
}

# Retrieve Roles with "test" in the name
data "boundary_roles" "example" {
	filter = "\"test\" in \"/item/name\""
	scope_id = "id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (String) You can specify that the filter should only return items that match.
Refer to [filter expressions](https://developer.hashicorp.com/boundary/docs/concepts/filtering) for more information.
- `list_token` (String) An opaque token that Boundary uses to continue an existing iteration or
request updated items. If you do not specify a token, pagination
starts from the beginning. To learn more about list pagination
in Boundary, refer to [list pagination](https://developer.hashicorp.com/boundary/docs/api-clients/api/pagination).
- `page_size` (Number) The maximum size of a page in this iteration.
If unset, the default page size configured will be used.
If the page_size is greater than the default page configured,
the page size will be truncated to this number..
- `recursive` (Boolean)
- `scope_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `est_item_count` (Number) An estimate at the total items available. This may change during pagination.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `items` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `removed_ids` (List of String) A list of item IDs that have been removed since they were returned
as part of a pagination. They should be dropped from any client cache.
This may contain items that are not known to the cache, if they were
created and deleted between listings.
- `response_type` (String) The type of response, either "delta" or "complete".
Delta signifies that this is part of a paginated result
or an update to a previously completed pagination.
Complete signifies that it is the last page.
- `sort_by` (String) The name of the field which the items are sorted by.
- `sort_dir` (String) The direction of the sort, either "asc" or "desc".

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `authorized_actions` (List of String)
- `created_time` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `grant_scope_id` (String)
- `grant_scope_ids` (List of String)
- `grant_strings` (List of String)
- `grants` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--items--grants))
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `principal_ids` (List of String)
- `principals` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--items--principals))
- `scope` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--items--scope))
- `scope_id` (String)
- `updated_time` (String)
- `version` (Number)

<a id="nestedobjatt--items--grants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.grants`

Read-Only:

- `canonical` (String)
- `json` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--items--grants--json))
- `raw` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--items--grants--json"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.grants.json`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (List of String)
- `id` (String)
- `ids` (List of String)
- `type` (String)



<a id="nestedobjatt--items--principals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.principals`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `scope_id` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--items--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.scope`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `parent_scope_id` (String)
- `type` (String)
