---
page_title: "Provider: Boundary"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Terraform provider for configuring Boundary.
---

# Boundary Provider

Terraform provider for configuring Boundary.

## Example Usage

Do not keep your authentication password in HCL for production environments, use Terraform environment variables.

```terraform
provider "boundary" {
  addr                            = "http://127.0.0.1:9200"
  auth_method_id                  = "ampw_1234567890" # changeme
  password_auth_method_login_name = "myuser"          # changeme
  password_auth_method_password   = "passpass"        # changeme
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `addr` (String) The base url of the Boundary API, e.g. "http://127.0.0.1:9200". If not set, it will be read from the "BOUNDARY_ADDR" env var.

### Optional

- `auth_method_id` (String) The auth method ID e.g. ampw_1234567890
- `password_auth_method_login_name` (String) The auth method login name for password-style auth methods
- `password_auth_method_password` (String) The auth method password for password-style auth methods
- `recovery_kms_hcl` (String) Can be a heredoc string or a path on disk. If set, the string/file will be parsed as HCL and used with the recovery KMS mechanism. While this is set, it will override any other authentication information; the KMS mechanism will always be used. See Boundary's KMS docs for examples: https://boundaryproject.io/docs/configuration/kms
- `tls_insecure` (Boolean) When set to true, does not validate the Boundary API endpoint certificate
- `token` (String) The Boundary token to use, as a string or path on disk containing just the string. If set, the token read here will be used in place of authenticating with the auth method specified in "auth_method_id", although the recovery KMS mechanism will still override this. Can also be set with the BOUNDARY_TOKEN environment variable.