---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "boundary_auth_method_oidc Resource - terraform-provider-boundary"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The OIDC auth method resource allows you to configure a Boundary authmethodoidc.
---

# boundary_auth_method_oidc (Resource)

The OIDC auth method resource allows you to configure a Boundary auth_method_oidc.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "boundary_scope" "org" {
  name                     = "organization_one"
  description              = "My first scope!"
  scope_id                 = "global"
  auto_create_admin_role   = true
  auto_create_default_role = true
}

resource "boundary_auth_method_oidc" "vault" {
  api_url_prefix     = "https://XO-XO-XO-XO-XOXOXO.boundary.hashicorp.cloud:9200"
  client_id          = "eieio"
  client_secret      = "hvo_secret_XO"
  description        = "My Boundary OIDC Auth Method for Vault"
  issuer             = "https://XO-XO-XO-XO-XOXOXO.vault.hashicorp.cloud:8200/v1/identity/oidc/provider/my-provider"
  scope_id           = "global"
  signing_algorithms = ["RS256"]
  type               = "oidc"
}

resource "boundary_auth_method_oidc" "oidc_with_one_prompt" {
  api_url_prefix     = "https://XO-XO-XO-XO-XOXOXO.boundary.hashicorp.cloud:9200"
  client_id          = "eieio"
  client_secret      = "hvo_secret_XO"
  description        = "My Boundary OIDC Auth Method With Prompt"
  issuer             = "https://sts.windows.net/TENANT_ID/"
  scope_id           = "global"
  signing_algorithms = ["RS256"]
  prompts            = ["select_account"]
  type               = "oidc"
}

resource "boundary_auth_method_oidc" "oidc_with_multiple_prompts" {
  api_url_prefix     = "https://XO-XO-XO-XO-XOXOXO.boundary.hashicorp.cloud:9200"
  client_id          = "eieio"
  client_secret      = "hvo_secret_XO"
  description        = "My Boundary OIDC Auth Method With Multiple Prompts"
  issuer             = "https://sts.windows.net/TENANT_ID/"
  scope_id           = "global"
  signing_algorithms = ["RS256"]
  prompts            = ["consent", "select_account"]
  type               = "oidc"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `scope_id` (String) The scope ID.

### Optional

- `account_claim_maps` (List of String) Account claim maps for the to_claim of sub.
- `allowed_audiences` (List of String) Audiences for which the provider responses will be allowed
- `api_url_prefix` (String) The API prefix to use when generating callback URLs for the provider. Should be set to an address at which the provider can reach back to the controller.
- `callback_url` (String) The URL that should be provided to the IdP for callbacks.
- `claims_scopes` (List of String) Claims scopes.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID assigned to this auth method from the provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret key assigned to this auth method from the provider. Once set, only the hash will be kept and the original value can be removed from configuration.
- `client_secret_hmac` (String) The HMAC of the client secret returned by the Boundary controller, which is used for comparison after initial setting of the value.
- `description` (String) The auth method description.
- `disable_discovered_config_validation` (Boolean) Disables validation logic ensuring that the OIDC provider's information from its discovery endpoint matches the information here. The validation is only performed at create or update time.
- `idp_ca_certs` (List of String) A list of CA certificates to trust when validating the IdP's token signatures.
- `is_primary_for_scope` (Boolean) When true, makes this auth method the primary auth method for the scope in which it resides. The primary auth method for a scope means the user will be automatically created when they login using an OIDC account.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer corresponding to the provider, which must match the issuer field in generated tokens.
- `max_age` (Number) The max age to provide to the provider, indicating how much time is allowed to have passed since the last authentication before the user is challenged again. A value of 0 sets an immediate requirement for all users to reauthenticate, and an unset maxAge results in a Terraform value of -1 and the default TTL of the chosen OIDC will be used.
- `name` (String) The auth method name. Defaults to the resource name.
- `prompts` (List of String) The prompts passed to the identity provider to determine whether to prompt the end-user for reauthentication, account selection or consent. Please note the values passed are case-sensitive. The valid values are: `none`, `login`, `consent` and `select_account`.
- `signing_algorithms` (List of String) Allowed signing algorithms for the provider's issued tokens.
- `state` (String) Can be one of 'inactive', 'active-private', or 'active-public'. Currently automatically set to active-public.
- `type` (String) The type of auth method; hardcoded.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the auth method.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import boundary_auth_method_oidc.foo <my-id>
```
