---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "boundary_auth_method_ldap Resource - terraform-provider-boundary"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The LDAP auth method resource allows you to configure a Boundary authmethodldap.
---

# boundary_auth_method_ldap (Resource)

The LDAP auth method resource allows you to configure a Boundary auth_method_ldap.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `scope_id` (String) The scope ID.

### Optional

- `account_attribute_maps` (List of String) Account attribute maps fullname and email.
- `anon_group_search` (Boolean) Use anon bind when performing LDAP group searches (optional).
- `bind_dn` (String) The distinguished name of entry to bind when performing user and group searches (optional).
- `bind_password` (String) The password to use along with bind-dn performing user and group searches (optional).
- `bind_password_hmac` (String) The HMAC of the bind password returned by the Boundary controller, which is used for comparison after initial setting of the value.
- `certificates` (List of String) PEM-encoded X.509 CA certificate in ASN.1 DER form that can be used as a trust anchor when connecting to an LDAP server(optional).  This may be specified multiple times
- `client_certificate` (String) PEM-encoded X.509 client certificate in ASN.1 DER form that can be used to authenticate against an LDAP server(optional).
- `client_certificate_key` (String) PEM-encoded X.509 client certificate key in PKCS #8, ASN.1 DER form used with the client certificate (optional).
- `client_certificate_key_hmac` (String) The HMAC of the client certificate key returned by the Boundary controller, which is used for comparison after initial setting of the value.
- `dereference_aliases` (String) Control how aliases are dereferenced when performing the search. Can be one of: NeverDerefAliases, DerefInSearching, DerefFindingBaseObj, and DerefAlways (optional).
- `description` (String) The auth method description.
- `discover_dn` (Boolean) Use anon bind to discover the bind DN of a user (optional).
- `enable_groups` (Boolean) Find the authenticated user's groups during authentication (optional).
- `group_attr` (String) The attribute that enumerates a user's group membership from entries returned by a group search (optional).
- `group_dn` (String) The base DN under which to perform group search.
- `group_filter` (String) A go template used to construct a LDAP group search filter (optional).
- `insecure_tls` (Boolean) Skip the LDAP server SSL certificate validation (optional) - insecure and use with caution.
- `is_primary_for_scope` (Boolean) When true, makes this auth method the primary auth method for the scope in which it resides. The primary auth method for a scope means the the user will be automatically created when they login using an LDAP account.
- `maximum_page_size` (Number) MaximumPageSize specifies a maximum search result size to use when retrieving the authenticated user's groups (optional).
- `name` (String) The auth method name. Defaults to the resource name.
- `start_tls` (Boolean) Issue StartTLS command after connecting (optional).
- `state` (String) Can be one of 'inactive', 'active-private', or 'active-public'. Defaults to active-public.
- `type` (String) The type of auth method; hardcoded.
- `upn_domain` (String) The userPrincipalDomain used to construct the UPN string for the authenticating user (optional).
- `urls` (List of String) The LDAP URLs that specify LDAP servers to connect to (required).  May be specified multiple times.
- `use_token_groups` (Boolean) Use the Active Directory tokenGroups constructed attribute of the user to find the group memberships (optional).
- `user_attr` (String) The attribute on user entry matching the username passed when authenticating (optional).
- `user_dn` (String) The base DN under which to perform user search (optional).
- `user_filter` (String) A go template used to construct a LDAP user search filter (optional).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the auth method.
