---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "boundary_host_catalog_plugin Resource - terraform-provider-boundary"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The host catalog resource allows you to configure a Boundary plugin-type host catalog. Host catalogs are always part of a project, so a project resource should be used inline or you should have the project ID in hand to successfully configure a host catalog.
---

# boundary_host_catalog_plugin (Resource)

The host catalog resource allows you to configure a Boundary plugin-type host catalog. Host catalogs are always part of a project, so a project resource should be used inline or you should have the project ID in hand to successfully configure a host catalog.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `scope_id` (String) The scope ID in which the resource is created.

### Optional

- `attributes_json` (String) The attributes for the host catalog. Either values encoded with the "jsonencode" function, pre-escaped JSON string, or a file:// or env:// path. Set to a string "null" or remove the block to clear all attributes in the host catalog.
- `description` (String) The host catalog description.
- `internal_force_update` (String) Internal only. Used to force update so that we can always check the value of secrets.
- `internal_hmac_used_for_secrets_config_hmac` (String) Internal only. The Boundary-provided HMAC used to calculate the current value of the HMAC'd config. Used for drift detection.
- `internal_secrets_config_hmac` (String) Internal only. HMAC of (serverSecretsHmac + config secrets). Used for proper secrets handling.
- `name` (String) The host catalog name. Defaults to the resource name.
- `plugin_id` (String) The ID of the plugin that should back the resource. This or plugin_name must be defined.
- `plugin_name` (String) The name of the plugin that should back the resource. This or plugin_id must be defined.
- `secrets_hmac` (String) The HMAC'd secrets value returned from the server.
- `secrets_json` (String, Sensitive) The secrets for the host catalog. Either values encoded with the "jsonencode" function, pre-escaped JSON string, or a file:// or env:// path. Set to a string "null" to clear any existing values. NOTE: Unlike "attributes_json", removing this block will NOT clear secrets from the host catalog; this allows injecting secrets for one call, then removing them for storage.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the host catalog.


