---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "boundary_storage_bucket Resource - terraform-provider-boundary"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The storage bucket resource allows you to configure a Boundary storage bucket. A storage bucket can only belong to the Global scope or an Org scope.
---

# boundary_storage_bucket (Resource)

The storage bucket resource allows you to configure a Boundary storage bucket. A storage bucket can only belong to the Global scope or an Org scope.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "boundary_scope" "org" {
  name                     = "organization_one"
  description              = "My first scope!"
  scope_id                 = boundary_scope.global.id
  auto_create_admin_role   = true
  auto_create_default_role = true
}

resource "boundary_storage_bucket" "aws_example" {
  name            = "My aws catalog"
  description     = "My first host catalog!"
  scope_id        = boundary_scope.org.id
  plugin_name     = "aws"
  bucket_name     = "mybucket"
  attributes_json = jsonencode({ "region" = "us-east-1" })

  # recommended to pass in aws secrets using a file() or using environment variables
  # the secrets below must be generated in aws by creating a aws iam user with programmatic access
  secrets_json = jsonencode({
    "access_key_id"     = "aws_access_key_id_value",
    "secret_access_key" = "aws_secret_access_key_value"
  })
  worker_filter = "\"pki\" in \"/tags/type\""
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the bucket within the external object store service.
- `scope_id` (String) The scope for this storage bucket.
- `secrets_json` (String, Sensitive) The secrets for the storage bucket. Either values encoded with the "jsonencode" function, pre-escaped JSON string, or a file:// or env:// path. Set to a string "null" to clear any existing values. NOTE: Unlike "attributes_json", removing this block will NOT clear secrets from the storage bucket; this allows injecting secrets for one call, then removing them for storage.
- `worker_filter` (String) Filters to the worker(s) that can handle requests for this storage bucket.

### Optional

- `attributes_json` (String) The attributes for the storage bucket. Either values encoded with the "jsonencode" function, pre-escaped JSON string, or a file:// or env:// path. Set to a string "null" or remove the block to clear all attributes in the storage bucket.
- `bucket_prefix` (String) The prefix used to organize the data held within the external object store.
- `description` (String) The storage bucket description.
- `name` (String) The storage bucket name. Defaults to the resource name.
- `plugin_id` (String) The ID of the plugin that should back the resource. This or plugin_name must be defined.
- `plugin_name` (String) The name of the plugin that should back the resource. This or plugin_id must be defined.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the storage bucket.
- `internal_force_update` (String) Internal only. Used to force update so that we can always check the value of secrets.
- `internal_hmac_used_for_secrets_config_hmac` (String) Internal only. The Boundary-provided HMAC used to calculate the current value of the HMAC'd config. Used for drift detection.
- `internal_secrets_config_hmac` (String) Internal only. HMAC of (serverSecretsHmac + config secrets). Used for proper secrets handling.
- `secrets_hmac` (String) The HMAC'd secrets value returned from the server.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import boundary_storage_bucket.foo <my-id>
```
